  1
Learn the 10 basic 5-card hands and their ranking. No matter what type of poker you play, the hands will always be the same.
Here are the winning poker hands, from highest to lowest:
   A) The highest-ranking hand is a royal flush (the royal straight flush).
This hand includes a 10, Jack, Queen, King, and Ace of the same suit, one kind (all clubs, diamonds, hearts or spades).
It can only be tied but not beaten by the royal flush of another suit.
   B) A straight flush is made up of 5 consecutive cards of the same suit.
   C) 4 of a kind means you have 4 cards of the same rank (but different suits, of course) and a fifth card of any rank (such as 4 aces and a 9). If you
have 4 aces, then no one can have any hand with an ace, so that no royal flush is available.
   D) A full house contains 3 matching cards of 1 rank and 2 matching cards of another rank.
   E) A flush contains any 5 cards of the same suit. These skip around in rank or sequence, but are from the same suit.
   F) A straight contains 5 cards of consecutive rank but from more than one suit.
   G) 3 of a kind means you have 3 cards of the same rank, plus two unmatched cards.
   H) 2 pair is made up of two cards of one rank, plus two cards of another rank (different from the first pair), plus one unmatched card.
Pair means you have 2 cards of the same rank, plus 3 other unmatched cards.
   J) High card is the lowest-ranking hand, when no two cards have the same rank,
the five cards are not consecutive, and they are not all from the same suit.

  2
Place the blinds (starting bets) or ante up. In Texas Hold’em, the player next to the dealer typically places a small blind bet that’s half of the
 usual minimum bet, while the player to that person’s left places a big blind that’s at least the minimum bet.

  3
Look at the 2 cards the dealer gives you, which is your hand. Then, they'll pass out 2 cards to each player. Check your cards to see what you're holding.
The dealer will always pass out the cards in a clockwise direction, starting on the left.

  4
Bet, call, or raise after each round is dealt if you want to. Every time the dealer puts out new cards, you'll make a bet, with the first bet being made
solely based on the two cards the players have in their hands. Betting happens in a circle – when it's your turn to bet, you have a few options:
   Place an initial bet if no one else has yet.
   Say check to avoid betting.
   Say call to match the bet someone else has made.
   Say raise to add more money to the betting pool. If you raise, the other players will go around in a circle and choose to either call your new bet or fold.
   Say fold if someone else has bet and you don't want to match their bet. If you fold, turn your cards into the dealer face-down.
