  5
Look at the flop to see if you have a good hand. Then, they'll put 3 cards face-up on the table, which is called the flop. These are the community cards that
every player can use to build their hand. Compare these cards and the cards in your hand, then place a bet, call a bet, or fold. In total, the dealer will
reveal 5 cards. You will have 7 cards total to use to create your best hand of 5: your two personal cards in your hands, and the five community cards on the
table. Take some time to analyze the table after the flop – are you well-positioned to end the game with a good hand? Depending on the rules where you’re
playing, you can also draw replacement cards for the cards in your hand. This is usually done during or just after the betting round.

  6
Check the “turn” card after the second round of betting. The dealer will burn the top card, then they'll place 1 card face up next to the flop.
Check all of the cards on the table and the cards in your hand to see if you want to bet, call, or raise.
Your game may also allow a card exchange at this point, but this isn’t typical in professional games.
As you look at the cards, think about the possible hands other players might have. For instance, if all 4 cards on the table are spades,
then any player who has a spade in their hand will have a flush, which means they have 5 cards from the same house.
Similarly, if the cards on the table are 5,6,7, and 8, then anyone with a 4 or 9 will have a straight.
If you have nothing good in your hand but the cards on the table make for an easy winning hand, then you may want to fold.

  7
Examine the 'river' card and decide on the hand you'll play. After the dealer 'burns' the top card on the deck, they'll put 1 last card
face up next to the 'turn' card. This final card is called the “river.” Check your hand and the community cards to decide on your best 5-card hand.
Then, bet, call, or fold.

  8
Reveal each player’s hand clockwise in the final “showdown.” After each player calls, folds, or bets in the last round, each remaining player will participate
in the 'showdown. Starting to the left of the dealer, all players involved will reveal their cards face up. Then, everyone looks at the turned over hands to
see who has the highest value hand to win the entire pot. If there is a tie, the tied players split the pot. If you fold your hand, then you don’t have to show
your cards. In Texas Hold’em, there are 5 cards on the table and 2 cards in your hand. You can create any 5-card combination using these 7 cards.
The remaining cards aren’t counted.
